Relax and clean up rule uid schema (#221)
asam-ev/qc-framework: doc/manual/rule_uid_schema.md

  which the rule is applied
* **Definition Setting**: the version of the standard or the domain to which
  the rule appears or is applied **for the first time**
* **Rule Full Name**: the full name of the rule, as dot separated, string of
  letters, digits and underscores, with the first character a letter. The
  full name of a rule is composed by the **rule set**, a categorization for
  the rule, and the rule **name**, a unique string inside the categorization.
  The rule set can be nested (meaning that it can be defined as an arbitrary
  sequence of dot separated names, while the name is the string after the last
  dot of the full name). If there are no other requirements, it is recommended

>   to use snake lower case names for both rule set and rule name.

Reviewer: I'm ok with the overall modification and I think this line really helps for standards that are approaching the concept of checking and creating a whle new ruleset. I would like to add something on the line: _if the standard you are creating the rule for has already decided on a specific format, try to stick with the format_

Author: Maybe something like

```suggestion
  dot of the full name). Unless there are strong other requirements, it is recommended
  to use snake lower case names for both rule set and rule name. In any case the rule set
  and rule names for a given standard should conform to one uniform format, and new
  rule sets and names should use this format.
```

Reviewer: Yep, LGTM
